Update durable-functions-error-handling.md (#64108)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/durable/durable-functions-error-handling.md

* **Backoff coefficient**: The coefficient used to determine rate of increase of backoff. Defaults to 1.
* **Max retry interval**: The maximum amount of time to wait in between retry attempts.
* **Retry timeout**: The maximum amount of time to spend doing retries. The default behavior is to retry indefinitely.
* **Handle**: A user-defined callback can be specified to determine whether a function should be retried. 

> > [!NOTE]
> > Custom Handle callbacks are not available within the Javascript implementation of Durable Functions (context.df.RetryOptions)

Reviewer: Need a bit of an edit.
```suggestion

> [!NOTE]
> User-defined callbacks aren't currently supported by Durable Functions in JavaScript (`context.df.RetryOptions`).
```
cc. @cgillum for awareness
